Great careers begin with a great plan. At your Texas MBA orientation, you’ll begin mapping out your two-and-a-half-year journey, including being teamed with your cohort—a group of your classmates with whom you’ll study and learn. Orientation will be your first opportunity to connect with your faculty, peers, and the greater UT Austin community. (It’s also a great time to buy a burnt orange shirt or two.)


YearOne:
Each year in the Texas Evening MBA Program follows a simple, three-part Spring-Summer-Fall schedule. And each semester, you will be introduced to a new set of classes. All courses are per-arranged and sequenced to ensure a well-rounded and challenging general management curriculum.
Spring: Business Integrity; Financial Accounting; Statistics; Financial Management
Summer: Managerial Microeconomics; Strategic Innovation & Entrepreneurship
Fall: Leading People & Organizations; Valuation; Marketing Management; Business Analytics & Decision Modeling

YearTwo:
As you’d guess, your second year curriculum grows more sophisticated. Building on your growing expertise, you will begin to incorporate more advanced theories and practices in your education. The second year in the Texas Evening MBA Program is about transforming you from knowledgeable student to business expert.
Spring: Analytics & Applications in Marketing; Strategic Management; Financial Statement Analysis; Operations Management
Summer: Managerial Macroeconomics; Directed Studies in Global Management
Fall: Legal Environment of Business; Corporate Finance & Financial Markets; Managerial Accounting

Your seventh and final semester has been designed to launch you confidently toward graduation and the advances in your career that await. Your world-class MBA faculty will equip you with the advanced strategies you’ll use to turn your newfound business expertise into real, lasting impact once you leave campus.
Spring (Final Semester): Leading for Impact; Topics in Strategic Marketing; Art & Science of Negotiations; Strategies for a Networked Economy